IVV automation engineer (Internship) Starting on: March 2025 Duration : 6 months Location: Toulouse, France Type : Full-time You must have citizenship from a country of the European Union or NATO to apply for this position. Your mission SpaceLocker is looking to expand its engineering team to contribute to the improvement and automatio n of its Integration -Validation -Verification (IVV) proce sses, with the goal of setting up an automate d test be nch. You will have the opportunity to apply a wide range of skills in a real -world aerospace context, working closely with our engineering team . In this position, you will work with the systems engine ering lead and the software engineering team to: • Explore the topic o f test reproducibility and automation when applied to hardware , and define ways for improveme nt in the automation and archiving of test runs at SpaceLocker, • Participate in the design , fabrication and testing of an automate d electrical integration test bench , • Be involved in other automation efforts, for example around CI -CD and HIL tes ting of embedded software . Your profile Technical skills • Currently pursuing a bachelor's or master's degree in computer engineering, computer science, or a related field, • Knowledge of common scripting tools like Python and ba sic embedded systems technologies like Ard uino, • Broad culture about tes ting, quality assurance, Bonus : • Some knowledge of Rust and/or Golang , • A first e xperience around quality assuran
first e xperience around quality assuran ce for software , • A first experience with building and using time series database s and que ry tools . Soft skills • You have a proactive approach to tackling challenges, finding creative solutions, and troubleshooting technical issues, • You have a collaborative mindset, with the a bility to clearly communicate ideas to the team members, • You are passionate abou t the aerospace or space sector. About SpaceLocker SpaceLocker aims to make satellite missions more efficient and sustainable. To achieve this, we develop in -orbit payload hosting stations based on our docking port technology, the "USB port of satellites". Our vision is to become the preferred solution for sending equipment into orbit, to reduce space pollution, and to become the leading supplier of docking interfaces for satellites. We are not trying to build a dog picture blockchain nor the new Airbnb, but a profitable company that will provide the foundations for the next generation of space exploration. This intention is anchored to a solid technical expertise, a quick prototyping approach and a strong link to the market. It is the fun aspect of the startup world, and without the weird fetish for table soccer: we are a no - bullshit company that counts on senior advisors and every team member to reach credible milestones quickly and efficiently. SpaceLocker is a company firmly engaged about diversity and inclusivity, of age, gender, origins, handicap, or any other characteristic . Progress and inclusion are not
. Progress and inclusion are not just corporate speech: we are aware it needs actual efforts and compromises.
